“The Role of Language in a Person’s Life”
As we strive towards a world with people from each and every culture assimilated into one society especially in the United States of America, people have started pondering upon the best way to maneuver through our linguistic differences and think about how these differences lead to challenges. In his article “The Myth of Proper English”, Oliver Kamm talks about language and how it has a huge effect on non-native speakers when they learn the language in school. Lera Boroditsky in her Ted Talk "How Language Shapes the Way We Think", talks about the deep-rooted effects the language a person speaks has on their fundamental ideas. While Boroditsky talks about how speaking a particular language can have huge effects on you as a person, Kamm talks about how people may be forced to speak a different language than their native one or speak a language in a different way that they are used to. It is clear that this raises a larger question of how multilingual speakers maneuver through assimilating into the dominant culture and how they navigate linguistic and cultural assimilation in the face of societal expectations and biases, and how language is integral to personal identity."?  As someone who is multilingual myself, I can relate to Boroditsky slightly more because of my personal experiences. Multilingual kids being forced to speak a language in a certain way to fit into society is not necessarily wrong, but it definitely takes away from their own personal identity and possibly their connection to their families or friends. The negative stigma and negative ideas around immigration also lead to younger generations of immigrant families feeling ashamed of their background even though it’s something they should be proud off and something they can actually benefit from.
Language is more than a way of speaking and a method of being social, it is a beautiful expression of oneself.  Kamm says,” Because Standard English is the English dialect with worldwide recognition and social cachet, it’s vital that all children (and adults) be fluent in it” (Kamm Par 12).  I understand how speaking a language in a way that the majority understands only stands to benefit you in certain situations, I also see how beautifully Boroditsky describes being attached to particular language and how speaking multiple languages is essentially like having a different soul: ”Charlemagne, Holy Roman emperor, said, "To have a second language is to have a second soul" is a strong statement that language crafts reality” (Boroditsky 1:16). In my opinion, embracing your own culture actually helps you assimilate into a majority culture in a much better way. It’s no secret that all of us have huge cultural differences but these differences are not at all a stopping factor when it comes to assimilation. It is a well know idea that a society’s greatest strength lies in celebrating and embracing our differences. Language is a big part of that, in the US for example English is the most-spoken language, and it isn’t crazy to expect everyone to speak it. But different people also have a different way of learning and speaking it, children of immigrant who learn English along with another language might find themselves at a lower fluency than someone who only has to speak English, they might also find that they develop a different accent due to interacting with their parents who don’t necessarily have American accents. These are issues that don’t seem like a big deal until you actually delve deep and identify the effects this can have on a person. Fostering an environment where everyone genuinely appreciates diversity is so important to help multilingual kids fit in, it ensures that they feel welcome not only in the dominant culture but also their own.
Moreover, instead of kids being pushed to stay close with their cultural identities, the dominant culture sometimes forces kids to develop internal hate for their own culture. In her article, “What We Lose When We Don’t Speak the Same Language as Our Immigrant Parents”, Phillips talks about how being a Black-Korean affected her attachment to her Korean side. “When my mom stopped by my classroom after lunch (which she did often because she volunteered for my school), she asked “점심 다 먹었어?” (Did you eat all of your lunch?) Asking me in Korean was
her way of asserting that she is Korean; and that I, too, am Korean. Before I could answer, I heard “Ching chong wang! Ching chong wang!” (Phillips Par. 3).” This is unfortunately just a small part of the racism faced my kids from different backgrounds which leads to them forming internal hate for their own culture, when people use the simplest form of expression of your culture, the language you speak, to make fun of you, it leads people hating the fact that they are different. Awareness is a huge part of stopping the flow of such ideas. As mentioned in Kamm’s article, “The argument made by Cushing and other experts in sociolinguistics (the study of language and society) is that it is linguistically false and socially destructive to treat non-Standard varieties of English as inferior forms of the language” (Kamm Par. 14). In the article of course, only non-standard forms of English are mentioned but I think the ideas extend to other languages as well. The kid using racist connotations to make fun of Phillips is a direct example of the social destructiveness, for some reason it is embedded in the native speakers to consider bilingual people inferior to them even if they speak fluent English. This idea especially seems illogical to me because a young kid being fluent in multiple languages is actually a sign of being smarter and even excelling as certain tasks: “Research spearheaded by Dr. Ellen Bialystok of York University has found that bilingual children outperform their monolingual peers in challenging, cognitive tasks” (Phillips Par. 13). This is further proof of how inherent systemic bias can have such a huge effect on people’s idea and cause them to disregard actual research.
So, with the detailed research done by Kamm and Boroditsky and the personal experience of Phillips, we can say that multilingualism is important when it comes to preserving culture and personal identity and it is also clear that multilingual people face discrimination usually by the dominant group and make it harder for them to successfully assimilate while keeping their own identities intact. When it comes to the topic of assimilation though, multilingual individuals face another complex issue: is it if fine to compromise our values and try to act different to fit into the dominant culture? We refer to this as code-switching and the reason we need to think about this is that maybe it’s better to conform to the dominant culture until we reach perfect levels of intercultural understanding. But at the same time, this is kind of example of just putting our issues under the carpet and not dealing with them. This is why this is an urgent question that affects a large group of people and we need to start thinking of code-switching and its implications.
